welcome to our Chicago News test-drive
don't worry
my assistant is safely behind the wheel
don't worry the 2015 Mitsubishi
Outlander sports okay and my assistant
will heal
the 2.0 liter 16-valve inline
four-cylinder engine produces 148
horsepower and 145 pound feet of torque
that's a little light on power to bear
the name sport but the nimble and
responsive handling helps to make up for
it the panoramic sunroof is a nice way
to brighten up the cabin on a sunny day
and the LED lighting adds a nice
dramatic flare when the Sun goes down
for a small car cargo space isn't bad at
all
but it isn't as good as some of its
competitors the seats fold almost
completely flat though which is nice
when you need a little extra room as far
as fuel economy goes for this car it
gets 24 miles per gallon city 30 miles
per gallon highway and an average of 27
miles per gallon which is pretty good so
not only is this car a little bit more
affordable but it's also not very
thirsty the stereo is a Rockford Fosgate
sound system with nine speakers
including a 10 inch subwoofer with punch
control acceleration and power are a
little bit lacking but they make up for
that with very responsive handling
it's very nimble and agile the center
console includes a navigation system
with a seven-inch HD touchscreen monitor
and the navigation system includes
real-time traffic and 3d mapping the
2015 Outlander Sport has a rear-view
camera and when you take into account
the fact that the visibility is already
very good it makes navigating backing up
tight areas like that it makes it very
simple the suspension is pretty soft
which means the ride is very comfortable
and the seats are pretty comfortable too
the controls for the climate control are
under this little bit of a ledge or a
cliff here and it makes it a little
awkward to reach for and that's sort of
the problem is you feel like you have to
reach for everything it all feels a
little bit far away from the shift knob
- the controls for the stereo - the
climate control everything feels like
it's just a little bit out of reach
maybe that's just because I'm short I
don't know so depending on the model you
have you're gonna be able to pick
between which drive mode you want you
can have four-wheel drive auto four
wheel drive lock or two wheel drive so
when you hit the button and turn on the
four-wheel drive it doesn't necessarily
turn this car into an off-roader but it
does give you a little bit of security
for in the wintertime if the roads are
getting a little
snowy or icy it's perfect for things
like that for anyone searching for an
affordable relatively fuel-efficient and
good-looking crossover the 2015
Mitsubishi Outlander Sport should have
your curiosity oh yeah
not again